paranormal e
a driver hit a jogger then later he saw the joggers siluette years later on the same road whoah 
HELLS GATE BRIDGE
basically the bridge has 2 myths carried along with it one is that if you drive your car at night with your headlights turned off, you will see a ghost couple and then you'd see a wet spot on your seat adn the other myth it that which is how the bridge got its name, is the belief that if you drive over the bridge and look over your shoulder halfway through, the scenery behind you turns into a portal to hell engulfed in flames.
ARIZONA: The ghosts of Slaughterhouse Canyon
During the 1800s, there was a family who lived down in the canyon. They were very poor, so the father would venture out into the canyon for food for his family. As you might have guessed, one day the father did not return, so his family slowly starved and descended into madness. The mother, unable to bear listening to her children's cries anymore, put on her wedding dress, murdered her children, and then threw them into a nearby river. The next day she succumbed to starvation herself.

The legend states that if you go down to Slaughterhouse Canyon at night, even now, you will hear the loud, anguished cries of the mother who lost her mind.
ARKANSAS: The Boggy Creek Monster
The Boggy Creek Monster of Fouke is Arkansas' version of Sasquatch. He's commonly accepted to be around seven or eight feet tall and covered in hair. Legend says that he roams the creeks of rural Arkansas. He was first spotted in 1834, when people reported seeing a "wild man."

People still claim to spot the Boggy Creek Monster today, and he has been the subject of five feature length films including 1972's "The Legend of Boggy Creek."
CALIFORNIA: The Char-Man
The Char-Man's origin story is gruesome — a father and son were both caught in a house fire and horribly burnt in 1948. After the fire, the son became so mentally unstable that he flayed and hung his father. When the police found the son, he was so unrecognizably burnt they didn't realize he was alive, so he ran away before they were able to arrest him for the murder of his father.

Ever since then, the Char-Man is still spotted wandering the woods surrounding Ojai, occasionally approaching tents of innocent campers, or pretending to be a hitchhiker and then attempting to attack them.
MASSACHUSETTS: The spirits of Hoosac Tunnel
In the 24-year-long construction of the Hoosac Tunnel in western Massachusetts, approximately 200 men died. Death was so associated with the tunnel that it was actually nicknamed "The Bloody Pit."

After a particularly gruesome explosion in either 1867 or 1868, 13 miners were trapped inside the tunnel. The other workers assumed that the miners had died, but eventually it was discovered the miners had lived, built a raft to combat flooding, and eventually died due to poisonous gas inhalation.

It's said that these 13 miners haunted the tunnel for years, moaning and briefly appearing as ghosts.
MICHIGAN: The little girl on Knock Knock Road
The legend of Knock Knock Road says that there was a little girl who was murdered on Knock Knock Road in the Detroit area, and now she a
MISSOURI: Momo the Missouri Monster
yeti
Momo was first spotted in Louisiana, and then moved north. Getty Images
Momo is Missouri's version of Bigfoot/Sasquatch. He's been said to have terrible body odor, a pumpkin-shaped head, and eats dogs. In 1968, Momo allegedly tried to abduct a four-year-old boy, though no evidence was ever found.

NEVADA: The truth about Area 51
There is perhaps no urban legend, myth, or conspiracy theory more famous than Nevada's Area 51, a mysterious government facility that is rumored to be associated with aliens. The US government officially states that Area 51 is classified due to national security, which only fuels the fire.

The secrecy surrounding Area 51 is what makes it inherently creepy, and with the government admitting to a program investigating UFOs, the theories about what's actually going on inside continue to become more plausible.